In the previous video you learned how we setup
our AppModule file that contains sitewide
dependencies and components.
In this video you’ll learn how we bootstrap
our application which is the process of putting
together the minimal pieces needed to run
an Angular application.
Once we’ve created our app.module.ts file,
the next file we created was the main.ts file
which looked like this.
Here we are first importing platformBrowserDynamic
to run our app in the browser as well as the
AppModule class.
Below that we define a constant variable platform
which is set equal to an instance of the platformBrowserDynamic
method.
Then below that we use our platform constant
dot bootstrapModule passing in our AppModule
class.
So the bootstrapModule is a method inside
of platformBrowserDynamic that we can access
using dot notation.
This method accepts a parameter for the module
we’re using which passes in our applications
meta data.
Remember, our AppModule class contains all
of our initial application meta data which
is expressed here inside of our NgModule decorator.
And then this bootstrap key tells Angular
that we want to use the AppComponent module
as the root component for our site.
So that when our site is first loaded up,
the Template inside of our AppComponent is
what first appears on our page.
Finally, the selector value of myapp is what’s
placed inside of our index.html file in order
to initialize and load up our application.
This will be discussed in further detail in
our component section.
In this section we discussed NgModule.
This included the concept of importing and
exporting modules.
How we use NgModule decorator to define sitewide
functionality using imports and declarations.
And finally, we discussed how to bootstrap
an angular application using a main.ts file
and a Root Component file.
In the next section, we’ll be covering Components
in depth and how we use components to form
the backbone for our Angular application.